excuse me
would you mind lending me your wife
excuse me I got money I got security I
have businesses but you have something
that I just don't have well I guess
there's limits to what money can buy
not many some things are for sale such
as but you can't buy people so what are
you saying you can't buy love that's a
bit of a cliche don't you think it's
absolutely true well let's test the
cliche suppose I were to offer you 1
million dollars for one night with your
wife David I think you want me to do it
why do you
by one adult for you this money could do
for us what it could do for our future
just my body it's not my mind my heart
you might enjoy don't bet on it
if you were mine I wouldn't share it
with anyone it was sex David just sex
not love just sex
now the evening would come and go but
the money could last liked the million
dollars for one night
you